welcome to the program we begin in Gaza
where Israeli forces are showing no
signs of slowing their attacks the main
building of NASA Hospital in KH Unis is
amongst the latest targets troops are
surrounding the facility and intense
bombing has been taking place around it
overnight gaza's Health Ministry says no
one has been able to enter or exit the
hospital which was already struggling to
treat the wounded the Red Cross is
warning of thousands of preventable
deaths if medical facilities are not
protected from indis criminate assault
hany Mahmud joins us now from Rafa in
southern Gaza and it is a scenario hany
that in these intense raids are ongoing
around the very few medical facilities
that are still
operational yes indeed and this is what
I've been uh reporting about since the
beginning of the war and we seen what
happened in the northern part and and
Gaza City where Health Care Facilities
were systematically attacked and and
what's going on around Naser hospital
and its vicinity and the direct attack
on the emergency department and
ambulance department at the hospital and
the Maternity Ward uh building is just
another reminder that what's going on
against Health Care Facilities in Gaza
is very systematic and only leads to one
conclusion which is a complete
destruction and uh and of healthcare
system across the the Gaza Strip but the
the fact that this is happening right at
the at the time isra military talking
about safe zones and evacuation orders
for people is just making uh people very
frustrated right now because uh hanun is
a place that was designated as a safe
zone for the vast majority of displaced
Palestinians from Gaza the northern part
and recently the the central area is now
a scene of Devastation and and suffering
and ongoing consistent and concentrated
bombing campaigns across the city there
at least half a million people who were
uh ordered to evacuate now but uh with
ongoing failure to provide a safe
Corridor uh for them the very Road the
coastal Road where people told to take
to evacuate to rafah City within the
past two days has been blocked by uh
heav presence of Israeli tanks and armed
vehicles and constant concentrated
shelling of densely populated areas
within uh the city just uh making it
very difficult uh for people the latest
of what happened is the attack on a
vocational technical school managed and
operated by Ona that's the United
Nations for Palestinian refugee where 14
people have been reported killed and
many other injuries uh here in Raa City
for 45 of those who were critically
injured in the attacks on The Vocational
School honorable Vocational School
arrived to rafu and naar Hospital due to
difficulties and inability of paramedics
and civil defense SEC crew to transfer
those injuries to Naser hospital as
Naser hospital is under heavy intense
bombing campaigns with people still
inside overnight attacks in ra included
a mosque in the e in part of RA that was
completely destroyed five people
reported killed and were reported to a
naar hospital and multiple other
injuries from the vicinity of the mosque
we're talking about at least five more
residential homes were severely damaged
just causing further displacement and
panic uh to local residents of the
eastern part of Rafa City in Western
Rafa City an area that uh has been a
site for thousand of newly displaced
Palestinians within the past few weeks a
residential home was also targeted uh
the house included the owner of the
house and those who have who been
Sheltering inside the residential home
one person reported killed and he
happened to be at displaced Palestinians
the other injuries are from uh the local
residence of of Rafa uh City so far what
we're looking at here is uh Gaza Strip
been split into two parts uh two
reservations uh safely to say one that
is largely Starving in the northern part
and the other reservation is overcrowded
with with 1.9 displaced 1.9 million
displaced Palestinians struggling to
find food and drinkable water uh under
constant heavy
bombardment h m for in Rafa thank you